docs: doc to access OCP endpoint via CIS (#385)
terraform-ibm-modules/terraform-ibm-cis: examples/complete/README.md

- Adds a domain to the CIS instance.
- Adds DNS records to the CIS instance.
- Adds a global load balancer including the origin pools and health checks to the CIS instance.

> >To access the application deployed on OpenShift via CIS, refer [this doc](./../../access-ocp-api-through-cis.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For information about accessing an application through CIS, see [Configuring access to an application deployed on Red Hat OpenShift through CIS](./../../access-ocp-api-through-cis.md).
```
